Upgrade: Migrate JS theme configuration keys with dot and slash in the property name (#14736)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure legacy theme values ending in `1` (like `theme(spacing.1)`) are correctly migrated to custom properties ([#14724](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14724))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Migrate arbitrary values to bare values for the `from-*`, `via-*`, and `to-*` utilities ([#14725](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14725))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure `layer(utilities)` is removed from `@import` to keep `@utility` top-level ([#14738](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14738))

> - _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure JS theme keys special characters are migrated correctly ([#14736](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14736))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Ensure JS theme keys with special characters are escaped when migrated CSS variables ([#14736](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14736))
```
